(Merge 3/9 in afternoon) Feat: go agent 3-20-4 release (#11986)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/go-agent/configuration/go-agent-configuration.mdx

    </CollapserGroup>
  </Collapser>

    <Collapser
    id="error-expected-status"
    title="ErrorCollector.ExpectStatusCodes"
  >
    <table>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>
            Type
          </th>

          <td>
            Integer
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            Default
          </th>

          <td>
            No error codes are set as expected by default.
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <th>
            [Set in](#options)
          </th>

          < td>
            `newrelic.Config` struct
          </td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>

    This controls which HTTP response codes are expected as errors.

>     Response codes that are expected will not affect your applications apdex or error alerts, but will still be recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Response codes that are expected will not affect your application's apdex or error alerts, but they will still be recorded.
```

    This function's default form is:

    ```go
    config.ErrorCollector.ExpectStatusCodes = []int{
        100,
        http.StatusAccepted,
    }
    ```

>     You can also add response codes as HTTPs, as `http.StatusAccepted` above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also add response codes as HTTPs such as `http.StatusAccepted` described above.
```
